Implement live preview for site.json (#1529)
MarkBind/markbind: docs/userGuide/siteJsonFile.md

<include src="deployingTheSite.md#warning-about-baseUrl" />

<box type="warning">

> Note: `baseUrl` does not support live reload as it should not change in `markbind serve` mode.

Reviewer: Let's update the definition here as well with this https://deploy-preview-1529--markbind-master.netlify.app/userguide/glossary

Minor wording nit:
```suggestion
Note: `baseUrl` does not support live preview as there is no use case for changing it in during `markbind serve`.
```

Otherwise, Lgtm! 👍 

Let's wait and see if @raysonkoh has anything to add
